Giá bán:
2.376.979 VNĐ

his Ring and Band Set is made in Solid 14k White Gold Layering over Sterling Silver. , The Diamond Stimulant used is Coated with 100% Carbon with CVD Technology, So which makes it appear like a Earth Mined Diamond and last forever like a earth mined diamond and it comes with a Lifetime Replacement Warranty. 

Metal Type: 14k Solid White Gold Layering over Sterling Silver
TCW Diamonds : 4.3 ct
Diamond Color: D
Diamond Clarity: VVS1
Treatment: High Pressure High Temperature (HPHT)
Diamond Type: Lab Created Stimulant with Diamond Coating
 
Gold Color Default: 14k White Gold
---


Shipping Policy United States:
 
The Default size is US 7.
Please message us your size incase you want a resize by ebay messages only, in case you forgot to send us your ring size within 1 hour of making payment then the default size 7 will be shipped.
If you ordered a size 7 then it will be delivered to you from our Warehouse in the United States by USPS First Class.
If you ordered a resize, then the resizing will be done and the goods will be shipped to you by DHL Global Mail. Please note that the resizing takes 3-5 working days, and economy Shipping requires 7-14 days additional for delivery.
In case you require faster shipping, then you can pay Additional Costs at the time of Checkout for Expedited Shipping.
 
 
 
Shipping Policy UK and Europe:
 
The Default size is UK SIZE N.
Please message us your size incase you want a resize by ebay messages only, in case you forgot to send us your ring size within 1 hour of making payment then the default UK size N will be shipped.
 
Default size N ships the same day or within one business day. The orders requesting resize, please note that resizing will take 3-5 working days. All goods are send by FREE SHIPPING by DHL economy Shipping or ROYAL Mail, in case you require faster shipping, then you can pay Additional Costs at the time of Checkout for Expedited Shipping.
For Items with Value Less than 200 GBP, there is no Customs Duty of Tax in Europe.
 
 
Shipping Policy Australia and Canada:
 
In case of Default size of Size 7 (US Size), or N (UK Size), the goods are dispatched the same day or within one business day.
Please message us your size incase you want a resize by ebay messages only, in case you forgot to send us your ring size within 1 hour of making payment then the default US 7 will be shipped.
 
The goods are shipped by DHL Express Shipping
Customer is responsible for paying the duties and taxes in his country.
